CASE DIARY

Date: 2025-09-20 15:15:17
Police Station: In this connection registered Bicholim
FIR No: 82/2024
--------------------------------------

1. Complainant/Informant Details:
   Name: None
   Address: None

2. Accused Details:
   Accused 1:
     Name: None
     Address: None

3. Brief Facts from FIR:
   None

4. Victim's Statement Summary:
   I do hereby on solemn affirmation state: Name: Ms. Father's name: Vishmbhar Sahani Age: 15 years Occupation: unemployed. Residing at: Gokulwada, Bicholim 11/0 Bhtiya Rja, Siddhanhnagar, Uska Bazar, Uttar Pradesh. The witness is told by the court that she is free to make any statement or not to make statement. The witness volunteered to make statement as per her wish. I say that I reside at Gokulwada along with my father, my mother and two younger brothers. I say that I was studying in IXth std in a school at Bicholim, but I did not complete my studies.  2 II i':holilii Ibolice Station Critlte I say that I kno•s boy by natne Litan l)cvn.oth who tuy neighbour used to stay netir l.inkeshwar Colony. I say y!'lutve two brothers by name Vijay avd Pankay Bicholitn. nnd I 'tan to speak to both of' toy brothers, Aliet thot he <tartcd talking me, Wc used to talk to each other, hc used to ask me iC I tidd my lunch etc. I say that thereafter I friendly NVi1'h Lithtl. I say that a month back wc shifted te Gokulwada, Bicholim, I say that Litan used to give Ilis to brother Vijay for studies ard my mother stlw Litan Iny plie,tographs on the phone. Because ot that my rnothcr changed our rented room and shifted to Gokutwnd2e My mother informed mc that Litan was older in age and hc is alone and has nobody ond asked to stay away Crom him. I SfiY that J spoke to Litan frotn my father's pilone cn one or (wc occasions. I say that Litan no longer resides in Linkcshwar Colony and he has changed his room. I sav that Litan informed me that he would take me to Lucknow on I say that Litan came near my house on the road on in the morning. I infortned my family members that I was going to buy tnilk and I went ssith Litan. I say that from (joa went to Nasik and trojn Nasik we took a train  crime No.82f2024 B l'ollcc Station and we went to Lucknow. I do not know the date on which wc reached Lucknow. I say that at Lucknow we did court marriage in High Court no.6, I say that we were staying at Matiyari after our court marriage, After that police came to take me and they brought me to Goa. I say that I had physical relationship with Litan at Lucknow on three occasions. I say that I want to reside with my mother and complete my studies.

5. Medical Examination Summary (Victim):
   Provisional Opinion: None

6. Medical Examination Summary (Accused):
   Provisional Opinion: None

